Add new fake Loren Gray’s phone numbers, from 4 to 6
new ui with 2 option. 1st Loren Gray message, wallpaper and video call, 2nd Video call with 3 iStyle FB’s Style, WA Style, Tele style.
Add new bts wallpaper.
Faster Loading chat when enter the chat or messages.
new schedule	 for video call, (now, 1 minute, 3, and 5 minutes )
Stimulate Fake call and fake text  like real experience

Features fake call app
Simulate Fake caller id with full animation as the real phone call. Available for all Android devices ( update in android 11)
Free Loren Gray real call prank in video and voice call.
All images are in the best quality feature.
This application contains high resolution Loren Gray games.

New Features in Loren Gray fake chat update
Simulate Fake as the real phone chat. Available for all Android devices.
Free Loren Gray fake message like real chat
This application contains high resolution Loren Gray new HD wallpaper.

Why to use Loren Gray Fake Caller id?
You can create Fake Call and fool your friends.
Fake Video Call Prank is FREE fun for all and more real in this update.
Fake Call Prank does not require internet connection or data.

Why to use Fake text from Loren Gray?
You can create Ryan’s world Fake Chat and fool your friends.
Fake chat Prank is free but its like real.
Fake chat Prank can make you say wow

Additional features in this Loren Gray game :
adding new contact with new ui
voice call, video Loren Gray with facebook, telegram, WhatsApp template.
new experience with simple new ui
adding new Loren Gray wallpaper


HOW TO USE FAKE CALL FEATURE
Open the Loren Gray call app
Chose Loren Gray Contact with new phone number
Tap video call icon for calling your idols Loren Gray
Wait until Loren Gray answer your call

You Can Also Call Charli D’amelio Friends Like Luccas Neto videos, bts lyric call, and Addison Rae call, nastia esp fake call, Piper Rockelle Call real, and Also bts call prank.
Download Loren Gray song call It's so cool and everyone has to get Face call time or live chat with Him. 
Get and download this application right away for free. You will feel how close you are to your idol.


HOW TO USE FAKE CHAT 
Open Loren Gray minecraftshouse
Chose Contact or phone number
Wait until Loren Gray and Ryan’s world Answer your messages

Cool right?
share to social media and rate


DISCLAIMER / NOTICE Legal
1. Unofficial Guide Loren Gray minecraftskins, fake call and fake chat application complies with the United States copyright law "fair use."
2. All content and all copyrights in this application are owned by each copyright holder.
3. This application fake unknown cash is made by fans of free apps
4. The images in this application  bts song are collected from videos, if we violate copyright, let us know and we will immediately delete them.
